Release 0.11.2.0 (#446)
haskell/bytestring: Changelog.md

[0.12.0.0]: https://github.com/haskell/bytestring/compare/0.11.2.0...0.12.0.0

[0.11.2.0] — December 2021

* [Add `Data.ByteString.isValidUtf8`](https://github.com/haskell/bytestring/pull/423)

> * [Implement floating point conversion with `ryu` algorithm](https://github.com/haskell/bytestring/pull/365)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Speed up `floatDec` and `doubleDec` using the Ryu algorithm](https://github.com/haskell/bytestring/pull/365)
  - `Data.ByteString.Builder.RealFloat` offers additional custom formatters
    for floating point numbers.
```
